I am gunnery sergeant Hartman your
senior drill instructor from now on you
will speak only when spoken to and the
first and last words out of your filthy
sewers will be served hey you maggots
understand that bullshit I can't hear
you sound off like you got a pair f you
ladies leave my Island if you survive
recruit training you will be a weapon
you will be a minister of death praying
for war but until that day you are pukes
you are the lowest form of life on earth
you're not even human fucking big you
are nothing but on organized grab a
stick pieces of amphibian shit because I
am hard you will not like me but the
more you hate me the more you will learn
I am hard but I am fair there is no
racial bigotry here I do not look down
on niggers kikes wops or greasers here
you are all equally worthless and my
orders are to weed out all non hackers
who do not pack the gear to serving my
beloved Corps you maggots understand
that bullshit I can't hear you what's
your name scumbag private Brown sir
bullshit from now on you're private
snowball do you like that name oh yes
sir well there's one thing that you
won't like private snowball they don't
serve fried chicken and watermelon on a
daily basis in my mess hall oh yes that
you John Wayne is this me Oh sat down
who the fuck said that who's the slimey
little communist shit twinkle-toed
cocksucker down here who just signed his
own death warrant nobody huh the fairy
fucking godmother said I'll fucking stem
novel PT you all until you fucking die I
PT you until your assholes are sucking
buttermilk what did you use scroungy
little fuck
sir no sir little piece I checked you
look like a fucking worm I better love
you sir no sir Sir I said it sir well no
shit what have we got here fucking
comedian private Joker I admire your
honesty hell I like you you can come
over to my house and fuck my sister your
little scumbag I got your name I got
your ass okay that does it
suck
that piece of shit up there
her lightning I never trust them it's a
crazy business me I'd love to stay and
chat but you're a total bitch
I'm going to kill you
got that boy I don't call me thank you
fucking Jew Eric did you just say the
f-word you just this isn't the first
time I've been swatted by my small
shtetl well how dare you Sully my good
name by spending your slanderous filth
well the upper ages i have suffered
today will not be soon forgotten now i
will not be forgetting those outrages no
no new they won't be forgotten not
outright fear yeah I think we got it
don't ya I'm not a trick
you know not and I've been watching you
and I know you've been watching me not
you watch me I know so are off what are
you getting that Norton my friend how
would you like to fuck me up the ass I
know you want to fuck me know it and you
know that I know that you know that I
know that you want to fuck and I'm gonna
bend over and when I do start fucking to
all make you horny well supplies of
plays huh look at that now huh I'm dead
sexy look at my sexy boy dear oh yeah oh
look I like a singer or sick see my sexy
man eating light effects of my god by
the way would you like some chicken I've
got more
your big trouble though pal I eat pieces
a shit like you for breakfast you read
pieces of shit for breakfast no we've
drawn judge Snyder BAM well he's had it
in for me ever since I kind of ran over
his dog he did well replace the word
kinda with the word repeatedly and the
word dog with son
yeah if elected mayor my first act will
be to kill the whole lotta here and burn
your turn to cinders holy shit dude
I shall call him mini me Scott you just
don't get it do you you don't it's no
hassle but I'm all I'm saying they're
gonna get I'm just reached which knock
knock who's that look let me tell you a
little story a better man named shh shh
even before you start that was a
preemptive just now I have a whole bag
of
come on a ride you know I sniper come
out of it all I see in front of me this
big freak again he sits up what do you
want to tell me now tough guy I said
think what are you going here did I tell
you to go fuck your mother